Copyright (c) 2014, Julian Mendez

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to use this software for
evaluation purposes against the ontologies and queries of the ORE 2014
Live Competition.

This license does not allow for using this software in a commercial
context.

It is further prohibited to use this software or a substantial portion
of it in a competition or a similar competitive event, without explicit
written permission by the copyright holders.

However, competition organizers are allowed to use this software as part
of the evaluation process of a particular competition, evaluation or
competitive event, if the copyright holder of this software submitted
this software to this particular competition, evaluation or event
explicitly.

This permission of using the software as part of a submission by the
copyright holder to a competition, evaluation or competitive event is
only granted for one year and only for one particular instance of the
competition to which this software was submitted by the copyright
holder.

If a competition, evaluation or competitive event has multiple tracks,
categories, disciplines or sub-competitions, this license is only
granted for the tracks respectively categories, disciplines or
sub-competitions, to which the software was explicitly submitted by the
copyright holder.

All other usage is reserved. Official releases with possibly less
restrictive licences may be downloaded from the software’s web page,
available at: http://jcel.sourceforge.net/

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
